FileSystemItem: update path/pathKeys description (#5051)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/FileSystemItem/2 Fields/pathKeys.md

The file system item's path specified in keys.

---

> The [pathKeys](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/FileSystemItem/Fields/#pathKeys) field stores a path to a file/directory as a string of path items separated with a slash. The **pathKeys** field stores an array of keys of path items. This difference between the fields is more distinct if you specify [keyExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileManager/File_System_Providers/Custom/Configuration/#keyExpr) for your File System Provider. For example, the path and pathkeys fields may have the following values if **keyExpr** targets a numeric field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [pathKeys](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/FileSystemItem/Fields/#pathKeys) field stores a path to a file/directory as a string of path items separated by a slash. The **pathKeys** field stores an array of path item keys. This difference between the fields is more distinct if you specify [keyExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileManager/File_System_Providers/Custom/Configuration/#keyExpr) for your File System Provider. For example, the path and pathkeys fields may have the following values if **keyExpr** targets a numeric field:
```
